Source: Rate My Professors
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2833061
Professor: Paul Lawrence
Department: Chemistry
School: University of Central Florida
Overall Quality: 3.0 / 5
Difficulty: 4.2 / 5
Would Take Again: 56%
Tags: Tough grader, Test heavy, Lecture heavy

--- Reviews ---

Review 1 (CHM2210, 2026-05-06):
I did everything I could, never missed class, always watched his lecture videos, took very good notes, did textbook practice and still couldn't pass this class. This class ruined my mental health. Do not take this class if you have a heavy workload because his lecture videos are very long and time consuming.
Tags: Participation matters, Test heavy

Review 2 (CHM2210, 2026-05-06):
Dr. Lawrence can be harsh and a bit much but he does for the good of his students. He may be a bit rude and difficult but he is a great teacher and knows his stuff about orgo. My advice, stay on top of the videos, go to SARC tutoring, and seek help early and often! Do not wait until Exam 2 or 3 until you decide to lock in. You got this!
Tags: Participation matters, Beware of pop quizzes, Lecture heavy

Review 3 (CHM2210, 2026-05-05):
Avoid Lawrence because he is dismissive and overcomplicates everything. I drowned him out and used the textbook since it is a lifesaver and the only reason I learned. TAs are not helpful at all and he forces rushed bubble sheets with no time to think. Expect to wait weeks for grades while being left to drown by a prof with zero empathy.
Tags: Tough grader, Test heavy

Review 4 (CHM2210, 2026-05-05):
Yes he is sassy and blunt, but it is a hard class. He is always there for you with questions and even though he is sassy, he makes sure you understand the content. The flipped classroom style really helped me understand better and we do a lot of in class work that he walks us through and explains super well. I wouldn't do chem with anyone else.
Tags: Tough grader, Hilarious, Test heavy

Review 5 (CHM2210, prior semester):
Dr. Lawrence is a very hard professor to take IF you struggle with structure in your own time. I took him for Orgo 1 & 2, and he was great, and super nice during office hours. I personally struggle with the style of teaching he does (flipped classroom, barely hw, no study guides), but his teaching prepares you if planning on going to grad school.
Tags: Tough grader, Test heavy
